## Privacy Policy

Tomohiro Shimoyama built the SkyLabyrinth app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by Tomohiro Shimoyama and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at SkyLabyrinth unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

*   [Firebase Analytics](https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics/)

**Game Play Log Data**

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of a play data or an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as clear time,infomation of purchase, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.


**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
